Removing FAQ- Where is my Tool Help? (#1309)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/support/tool-help/index.md

---
[Back to Support Hub](/support/)

> ## [Where is the tool help?](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/faqs/galaxy/tools_help.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Documentation is on the tool form itself](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/faqs/galaxy/tools_help.html)
```

this is just to make sure that the links that are pointing to this header are not broken
